All right guys welcome back.
In our last lecture we put together our key word list for added up inside of our words.
The next step is going to be to create some at so let's just jump right back in.
I'm going to go back in the adverts and look at the creation page now a text ads you don't have a lot
of space to make your pitch unfortunately specifically ads are made up of four pieces one headline and
it's 30 characters.
This is the main text you'll see as a clickable link.
Headline 2 is also 30 characters and appears alongside headline one with a dash between them.
Now description is 80 characters appearing under U R L and then there's the u r l that appears under
the headline and above the description.
So you can actually put in anything you want for the euro here.
This is for display only so it actually makes the most sense to put your main u r l here or to put your
you are Al and then the section of a site where they might be going give a ridiculously long u r l that
has tons and tons of dots and numbers and stuff.
The end.
Just change the display so it's something simpler.
Personally I like your display that they're going to the home page because it's just too complicated
to have a slash than the name of the landing page and also in general I don't think people like it as
much when they see that oh I'm not going to the real page.
I'm going to like this advertising page.
They don't like thinking that but obviously they convert better when they do it.
So you could make it web site dot com slash order or web site dot com slash Sign-Up.
If they're going to order or sign up for something but I'd prefer to just take them to a Web site dot
com.
You can also make it like web site dot com slash newsletters.
If you're doing newsletters whatever you do just make it simple.
And if you decide to go with a splash landing page kind of display link then just try to make it as
accurate as possible.
Remember whatever they read on this and is the frame of mind they'll be carrying with them to your ad
page so if you give them the wrong impression chances are they're probably going to leave because it
has limited space in these fields.
You need to make your ad effective as quickly as possible.
So what in general makes for a good at.
So number one.
Keep it short and well you can have a choice here but in general shorter is better.
In other words just get right to the point of what makes you or your product awesome.
But remember you have multiple fields to make your pitch.
For example you might be trying to get more users for your shopping app that shows lower prices when
you scan barcodes in a store.
There are plenty of benefits to your app but in your ad focus on the one that will make the most relevant
connection with your people.
Download bar Khoder save money when you shop.
Don Knapp.
I don't know.
Tracks fitness activity.
Try track your workout and get fit.
Download fitness tracks and other protests.
Make sure to include one of your keywords in the app.
You could one of the keywords in the actual text.
It will improve your ads quality score.
It's kind of crazy that some ads don't include one of the key words that they're displaying for but
they just don't really know better or they're trying to advertise on way too many keywords and just
unfortunately they didn't customize each one to include a keyword to give your aunt a better chance
to be seen and at the same time it also helps improve the relevance of your ad for the person seeing
it on the page.
Either way a higher quality scores means that you might be bumped up in the slot you are at or you'll
pay quite a bit less for your clicks.
Now if you develop a new kind of chat app for families I don't know maybe family chat app is a keyword
that you would be targeting.
So your ad should probably include those keywords new family chat app get for my fam for a while.
The next step I'll say is.
Include an offer or price or something worth taking action on.
If you're doing a promo What is the promo price or the deal numbers or prizes inside add tax can be
unexpected and actually help draw the eye.
And does it offer something better than your competitors.
Well take advantage of your being seen and highlight your price or deal or the specific benefit that
beats out the rest.
Remember you're going to be visually compare to all the other people that are advertising right next
to you.
For example let's say something like iPhone 7 price cut right tune to ninety nine order now.
Well that would get the point across with specifics on the price.
Or you could say marketing tips email sign up plus get free templates to get registrations for your
newsletter.
By promoting the offer of free stuff that they might actually want to use.
Either way you're just sticking out.
Right you're saying why you're different you're saying how they're going to benefit from clicking here
and there are several that say make sure to match to your goal if you want to sell something well write
your ad so the customer knows it's now available for order today or on sale even if your product has
been available for a while.
There's still nothing wrong with saying kids as pro now available.
Track your kids anywhere they go.
You're trying to get sign ups on the other hand.
Well and let them know what they can sign up for and that they can sign up now including your offer
or benefits helps as well manage money with big dinero sign up with free 30 day a trial the next step
is make sure that you match it to your landing page whether you've built your landing page or not.
This ad should be a perfect match for it if the headline matches the title on the landing page.
That's actually the best description matches taxed on the page.
That's also good as well.
So don't go crazy coming up with a clever headline that doesn't match the landing page because some
people click through actually be confused.
This is a concept called conversion set convergence and it's basically the scent that gets carried from
an ad to a landing page.
So if I clicked something thinking that I'm going to see something specific or a very detailed image
in mind then when I get to the page.
How closely does that relate to what I thought I was going to get.
Now this applies to all ads like for instance doing graphic ads.
You'll make sure that the colors match the landing page you'll make sure that the words you use matched
the tone of voice and some of the keywords you use.
Either way if I click something I expect to see something similar or directly relevant kind of a continuation
of this first thought I had when I clicked it.
Now a quick aside no Google wants to make sure your ads are helpful and of high quality Now we already
kind of covered up for part of their Everetts is cracking down on spam and just in general Lousie looking
at the ad any explanation points.
For instance Google might actually stop you from submitting.
They don't want you to use numbers like get it for free.
Right.
Where four means four and you're probably just trying to save space but they think it looks cheap.
Basically use real words and deliver an ad that's focused on facts and easy to understand.
So think of your own goal right now what are you trying to accomplish with your app again is sales sign
ups page visits or is it something else.
In the example we've been using through these lectures our goal has been to increase sales of our smart
scooter so our headlines and description should support that specifically as you type in the fields
for your ad follow along with the preview on the right.
Try toggling between mobile and desktop to see how it looks on both When you're satisfied click save
and button.
Google will show a warning message if there's any punctuation problem or issue with the characters you
use.
But after that it'll be up to Google to formally review it and it takes just generally I don't know
sometimes it's an hour a couple of hours sometimes it's a day or two.
Very rarely do these get reviewed manually.
But sometimes that actually does happen.
Now once you've got your asset hit review campaign at the bottom and you'll see the review screen shows
you the numbers for daily estimates and your budget.
Not a glass you can also see the ad group and keyword list along with any of the ads you created to
make any changes.
Hit the back button but otherwise hit save and finish.
If you're not ready completely yet will hit finish and pause campaign.
For example if you have a landing page to complete before this thing goes live then just pause and don't
actually publish it because it is point you just have to wait for who was approval again might take
a couple hours or it might take more than a day.
So if you're planning on starting your ad on a specific date like the launch date of an app or a sale
make sure you submit your ad for approval and least a few days before that.
Also keep in mind they might reject your ad because you did something wrong which case you'd have to
either appeal it or try to tweak it and resubmit it.
Once you do have approval it's not really that hard.
You could start running your own but if you want to save yourself some trouble figuring out how well
you're doing.
Create a second and as soon as your first one is approved and then run both ads is what we call a split
test.
Now we covered this earlier but an AB test or a split test is basically a Google run to and side by
side and then you'll see which one gets a higher click rate.
Generally speaking if you have two ads in a split test google show 50 percent of the audience one add
and then the other 50 percent of the audience the other half.
There is a way that you can actually make Google choose for you.
Right.
So if you're really busy and you don't want to have constant tweaking your ads they can automatically
pick that one has a better click through rate and just automatically switch to displaying that one.
Now you could run a whole bunch of alternate versions where you change like one little thing let's say
a different word in your headline or different display you are all my in general to get results.
The quickest way is just to change everything.
Both the headlines display you are Al and then the description make them as different as possible.
Keep your final You are L..
You know that's the you are here landing page the exact same.
So try that.
Try coming up with one idea for an ad and then an entirely different idea for an ad but keep that you
are all the same.
Then what will happen is the best one will determine which one has the best text and then what you can
do from there is start whittling it down and that's generally the process of this.
You generally do broad scope at first where the ads are nothing alike at all.
And then once you figure out which angle or which topic or which kind of strategy is working the best
you take that one and then you start running smaller variations of test then you swap out the headline
but nothing else.
Then you swap out a couple of words but nothing else and you kind of whittle it down until you have
your best version.
Now when you have that second and design just submit it for approval and then when it's a proof both
your ad should have a green circle next to them meaning that they're active and will both run then give
your ads a few days or a week and look to see which ad has the better click through rate.
And a lower cost per click that I'll probably determine a winner.
For example an ad with a 3 percent click through rate certainly beats one with a 1.5 percent click theory.
But remember the average click through rate for many industries is about 2 percent so 3 percent would
be above average which means Nice work.
Now of course this doesn't ever end there because if only it was like that.
You then you just focus on the keywords that convert the best but you have to understand that there's
a bigger picture to this so maybe more people click on this and bought all those people clicking from
those links then purchasing.
Sometimes that happens sometimes there are certain keyword phrases that just hit a certain frame of
mind or people buy more often.
So you just have to track that.
And if using Google Adwords and Google Analytics it pretty much will automatically do that for you.
But regardless that's something to keep in mind and you always have to balance the math and you could
certainly keep testing after that if you wanted to.
And it's a good idea if you want to make your ads as effective as possible of course you're going to
take a lot of time and money in the process of optimizing it.
Unfortunately that's kind of just how SDMI is going to work.
Usually you just start off with smaller budgets.
See what works see what numbers you can get.
And then sometimes you just you can make the math work.
And sometimes after several iterations you can you just can't find anything that's cheap enough to actually
make it worth it for you.
All right.
So anyway there you go.
Once you have your ads up and running review their performance see what works and you see success as
well and generally tried to duplicate it for other goals with the new campaign.
If you're seeing problems try to test it and tease it out then review the results again and then make
changes accordingly.
And of course keep an eye on your budget.
Now that's it.
Thank you for watching.
See the next lecture.